Librimix recipes (#418)
asteroid-team/asteroid: egs/librimix/DCCRNet/README.md

### Results 

> The model was train for the `enh_single` task on Libri1Mix `train_360`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model was trained on the `enh_single` task on Libri1Mix `train_360`, at 16kHz.
```

Reviewer: Same for all I guess.

The pretrained model is available [here](https://huggingface.co/JorisCos/DCCRNet_Libri1Mix_enhsingle_16k).

On Libri1Mix min test set :

``` yaml
si_sdr: 13.329767398333798
si_sdr_imp: 9.879986092474098
sdr: 13.87279932997016
sdr_imp: 10.370136530757103
sir: Infinity

> sir_imp: NaN

Reviewer: Can remove SIR for enhancement tasks.
